[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1994 drama The Shawshank
Redemption so let's get started the film
opens in 1947 with Andy Dufresne being
convicted of murdering his wife and her
lover now serving two life sentences at
Shawshank State Penitentiary there he
befriends red another inmate serving a
life sentence who procures a rock hammer
and a poster for Andy during his time
working the laundry shift
Andy is frequently sexually assaulted by
a group of inmates led by a man named
Boggs and he overhears Hadley a guard
talking about tax issues in Andy helps
him after Andy is nearly killed from an
assault from Boggs and his crew the
guard Hadley beats in cripples Boggs and
Andy has not attacked again warden
Norton meets with Andy Andrea signs him
to the prison library to assist an
elderly inmate named Brooks and he
begins doing the taxes for all the
prison staff including the warden Brooks
is paroled
but after serving 50 years in prisons he
can't adjust so he hangs himself later
warden Norton begins exploiting the
prisoners for cheap labor and uses Andy
to launder the money a new inmate Tommy
comes in in 1965 who Andy and red
befriend Tommy reveals that his cellmate
at another prison claimed responsibility
for the murders that Andy was convicted
for Andy brings this information to
warden Norton who does not want to help
and when Andy brings up the money
laundering
Andy is put into solitary confinement
warden Norton has the guard Hadley kill
Tommy under the guise of an escape
attempt warden Norton threatens Andy
further wanting him to continue the
money-laundering and he begins to tell
his friend read about a town in Mexico
that he wants to live in as well as a
specific Hayfield saying that there is a
package there for him
bread begins to worry for Andy as he
recently requested some rope the next
day Andy cell is empty the warden
discovers that behind a poster in Andy's
room Andy's been digging a tunnel for
nineteen years and he used the rope to
escape and took with him the proof of
the money laundering
Andy is able to collect the money that
was laundered using an alias and sends
proof of the laundering and the
corruption and murders to a local
newspaper police arrived at Shawshank
and arrests the guard Headley while
warden Norton takes his own life
Redd is finally paroled and struggles to
adapt with life outside of prison he
visits the Hayfield Andy mentioned and
finds a package with money and a letter
asking red to join him in Mexico red and
Andy reunite as the film ends so that
was the spoilers for the Shawshank
Redemption if you have another film you
like to see a spoil please let us know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching